hey guys Disney collector here with some
really cool My Little Pony toy surprises
first we're going to open the Twilight
Sparkle friendship hearts inside we have
our candy
shape this little heart here's the My
Little Pony chocolate egg
we just got Fluttershy and one little
flier My Little Pony blind bag we have
here warm flier and one little pony
this is swing key Hank Rainbow Dash
friendship hearts aside we have blue
heart candy
shake as little parts let's check out
the My Little Pony toy surprise here we
have candy take this hearts one sticker
won't flyer and the toy this is a little
heart that you can put at the end of
your pencil another blind bag
this is another floater side just like
warm big Squinkie very squishy is the
neon bright blind bag comes with royal
riff Wow awesome collar chocolate egg
we just got pulled jack
and the flyer Pinkie Pie friendship
hearts more hard candy yum I'm gonna
save them for later well guys thanks for
watching my videos and stick on for a
lot more from my little pony right here
on the snake collector